SHOULD
- check RESTful names in controller
- CREATE TABLE suppliers


WOULD
- assets for menu bar buttons

COULD:
 - little red x at bottom of icon when out-of-stock


* ======== Brief ========== *

Fantasy Shop Inventory

Build an app which allows a shopkeeper to track their shop's inventory. This is not an app which the customer will see, it is an admin/management app for the shop workers.

Style & theme: 
- Based on the early, fantasy-action-adventure, hand-held console games of the 1990's. 
 - Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening DX (1998, colour version of the 1993 game)

Fantasy Shop Inventory

Build an app which allows a shopkeeper to track their shop's inventory. This is not an app which the customer will see, it is an admin/management app for the shop workers.

Style & theme: 
- Based on the early, fantasy-action-adventure, hand-held console games of the 1990's. 

<!-- 
Inventory_holding seperate from Product,
because:
- some inventory info won't be needed by product (ie., Ad_name, retail_price)
- shop keeper would choose advertised_name, number_to_stock, & set retail_price - but wouldn't edit/set any of the procut details. So makes sense to handle them seperately.
- possible multiple types of same product?
- manufacturer could update the product but this wouldn't impact the Inventory_holding UNTIL the shop buys more!
- shop could sub different manufacturers products under same name/price
 -->


<!-- class plans -->
* class Inventory_holding():
 - display_name (to be a 'marketing' version of the wholesellers name)
 - number_in_stock
 - retail_price
 - Product (object)
 - id

 * class Product():
 - name
 - description
 - model
 - type (Armour, hand-weapon, ranged_weapon, magical_weapon, util)
 - combat_strength
 - magical_item (boolean)
 - Manufacturer (object)
 - taking_orders (bool)
 - wholesale_cost
 - id

 * class Manufacturer():
 - manufacturer_name
 - Address
 - wholesale_cost
 - delivery_fee
 - taking_orders (bool) (extension)
 - id 

 <!-- class relationships -->
 Inventory_holding needs a Product
 Product need a Manufacturer

<!-- database relationships -->
 Manufacturer will have a one-to-many relationship with Product
 Inventory_holding will have a one-to-many repationship with Product (extension)

extensions:
- combat strength (product)
- magical? Boolean (product)
- Mage level required to handle (if required)(product)

<!-- functionality -->

The shop should be able to
- show all inventory_items for sale
- create an inventory_holding()
- edit products in each inventory_holding

A manufacturer should be able to
- edit products
- set taking_orders (extension)

Shop should find items by:
- advertised_name
- Retail price
- wholesale price
- product.name (extension)
- product.combat_strength (extension)
- product.type (extension)
- magical or not (extension)

shop should filter by:
- in stock
- Retail price
- product.type (extension)

<!-- notes -->

This might mean that it makes more sense for a car shop to track makes and models of cars. Or a bookstore might sell books by author, or by publisher, and not by manufacturer. You are free to name classes and tables as appropriate to your project.
Show an inventory page, listing all the details for all the products in stock in a single view.
As well as showing stock quantity as a number, the app should visually highlight "low stock" and "out of stock" items to the user.

<!-- * ========= Brief End ========= * -->

<!-- Original brief & disused edits below -->
* original brief bits & pieces 

MVP

The inventory should track
- id (generated by SQL)
- name (input || or taken from product_object?)
- description (taken from product_object)
- stock quantity (input & function)
- buying cost (from manufacturer_object)
- selling price (input & function)
- item category/ object (armour, ranged, magical, close-combat, util) (taken from product_object)

Classes:
- Product
- Combat_stats
- Inventory_item
- Manufacturer 

* Plan *

<!-- * +++++++ Original Brief ++++++++++ -->
Shop Inventory

Build an app which allows a shopkeeper to track their shop's inventory. This is not an app which the customer will see, it is an admin/management app for the shop workers.

MVP

The inventory should track individual products, including a name, description, stock quantity, buying cost, and selling price.
The inventory should track manufacturers, including a name and any other appropriate details.
The shop can sell anything you like, but you should be able to create and edit manufacturers and products separately.
This might mean that it makes more sense for a car shop to track makes and models of cars. Or a bookstore might sell books by author, or by publisher, and not by manufacturer. You are free to name classes and tables as appropriate to your project.
Show an inventory page, listing all the details for all the products in stock in a single view.
As well as showing stock quantity as a number, the app should visually highlight "low stock" and "out of stock" items to the user.

* +++++++ Original Brief End ++++++++++


If you did the project again: 

What would you:

STOP doing
START doing
CONTINUE doing 


THEME:
Mid brown - #AE6F49
Mid darker brown - #9D6240
Sand - #FED37F
Dark border - #332018